1436790/1438462: Part 42: 20 files with MSDN link fixes. (#10641)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/wpf/app-development/deploying-a-wpf-application-wpf.md

  
 [!INCLUDE[TLA2#tla_wininstall](../../../../includes/tla2sharptla-wininstall-md.md)] simplifies the installation and uninstallation of applications, but it does not provide facilities for ensuring that installed applications are kept up-to-date from a versioning standpoint.  
  

>  For more information about [!INCLUDE[TLA2#tla_wininstall](../../../../includes/tla2sharptla-wininstall-md.md)], see [Windows Installer Deployment](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/visualstudio/visual-studio-2012/2kt85ked(v=vs.110)).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 For more information about Windows Installer, see [Windows Installer Deployment](/visualstudio/deployment/deploying-applications-services-and-components#create-an-installer-package-windows-desktop).
```
